The history of Montenegro dates back from 9th century with the emergence of
Duklja, a vassal state of Byzantium. In those formative years, Duklja was ruled
by the Vojislavljevic dynasty. In 1042, at the end of his 25-year rule, King
Vojislav won a decisive battle near Bar against Byzantium, and Duklja became
independent. Duklja's power and prosperity reached their zenith under King
Vojislav's son, King Mihailo (1046–81), and his son King Bodin (1081–1101).[5]
From the 11th century, it started to be referred to as Zeta. It ended with its
incorporation into Raska, and beginning with the Crnojevic dynasty, Zeta was
more often referred to as Crna Gora or by the Venetian term monte negro. A
sovereign principality[6] since the Late Middle Ages, Montenegro saw its
independence from the Ottoman Empire formally recognized in 1878. From 1918, it
was a part of various incarnations of Yugoslavia. On the basis of a referendum
held on 21 May 2006, Montenegro declared independence on 3 June of that year. 
Steve was born in 2/24/1955 and his email address is stevejobs@gmail.com

source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Montenegro
The Texas A&M Aggies football team represents Texas A&M University in Division
I FBS college football. The Aggies have competed in the South Division of Big
12 Conference since the conference's inception in 1996. Texas A&M football has
earned one national title and 19 conference titles since becoming a charter
member in the Southwest Conference in 1915. The team plays all home games at
Kyle Field, an 83,002-person capacity outdoor stadium on the university campus.
Mike Sherman, a former NFL coach who had been the Offensive Line Coach at A&M
from 1983-93 and 1995-96, currently coaches the team.

source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas_A%26M_Aggies_football
﻿Von Miller, a junior All-America defensive player who led the NCAA in sacks in
2009, announced he will return to Texas A&M for his senior season in 2010.

“I am returning to Texas A&M for my senior year,” Miller said from his home in
DeSoto. “I appreciate Coach Sherman assisting me in gathering information and
allowing me and my family a chance to make this decision. After careful
consideration, I feel it is in my best interest to come back. It is important
to me and my family to earn my degree from Texas A&M and this will put me much
closer to that goal. I can’t leave A&M right now. I know (strength coach) Coach
Kennedy will be anxious to see me in the weight room and in the running
drills.”

Miller, from DeSoto, Texas, recorded 48 total tackles with 31 of those being
the solo variety. Of his 48 tackles, 21.5 went for tackles for loss of yardage
for a total of 125 yards lost. His 17 quarterback sacks for an average of 1.31
sacks per game led the NCAA and the 17 sacks in a season was the second-best
mark in Texas A&M school history behind the school record of20 sacks set by
Jacob Green in 1979.

“We’ve got most everyone coming back on defense and I think we have some good
recruits coming in,” “The Dark Knight” stole all the glory, but I’m forever partial to the O.G.,
“Batman Begins,” if only because it supplied an exhilarating rush of superhero
unrest the sumptuously made “Knight” was never entirely able to provide.
Reworking decades of schizophrenic interpretations, director Christopher Nolan
elected an unexpectedly unprocessed course of realism to the saga of Batman,
stripping Bruce Wayne’s meteoric rise to Gotham City savior down to a bizarre
authenticity of technology, metal, and instinct. Drained of its color, the
franchise rediscovered its valor, landing the caped crusader his finest motion
picture effort to date. And the ending? Oh, that ending. The instant Batman
flipped over the evidence-bagged playing card to reveal the identity of his
next foe…well, that’s the sort of heart-stopping cinematic exclamation point
that only a master filmmaker and his masterful film can provide. “The Dark Knight” was released in 7/14/2008.

source: http://www.brianorndorf.com/2009/12/the-25-best-films-of-20002009-part-4.html
When vengeful Romulan Captain Nero (Eric Bana) creates an alternate timeline
through a black hole, young James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) and the youthful crew of
the USS Enterprise are drawn into their first dangerous mission. Pumping new
blood into the tired space adventures, "Star Trek" takes off in a mind-blowing
and wildly entertaining direction. Simply brilliant, everything about this
cinematic journey is fresh and exciting. Director J. J. Abrams is anything but
lost, guiding the fascinating script by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman with
astounding special effects and an amazing cast. Besides Chris Pine, who adds a
new dimension to Kirk, Zachary Quinto is spot-on as the younger Spock. Leonard
Nimoy is on board as the aging Spock, who figures prominently into the story.
Also outstanding are Karl Urban with several cutting remarks as Bones and Simon
Pegg, showing up late as engineer Montgomery Scott. Rounding out the crew are
John Cho as Sulu, Anton Yelchin as Chekov and Zoe Saldana as Uhura. With a nod
to the television series' origins, Bruce Greenwood portrays a stoic Captain
Christopher Pike, who commanded the Enterprise before Kirk. Ben Cross and
Winona Ryder are memorable as Spock's parents. With so many good performances,
it's easy to overlook Eric Bana. But it is Bana carrying the plot as a
frightening revenge-seeker who rivals Ricardo Montalban's Khan for great Trek
villains. There are several references from the past to please fans, but none
of them are cheap shots. They all are relevant to the story. Destined to become
a sci-fi classic, "Star Trek" boldly goes where none of the previous entries
have gone before.

source: http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/star_trek_11/articles/1826779/
